MCOM10.local #OM_SSagues
mbcs02.local #BIBLIO_MLMuzio
masc04.local #ASC_JRepolo
mcom08x.local #OM_PMolina
mbcs12.local #BCS_DMorales
choferes.local #Choferes_1046
div01.local #Custodia_SubVarela
div02.local #Custodia_MVieyra
msc036.local #sc0_gdata
masp01.local #ASP_PMitchel
magec04.local #AGE_SMedrano
mage015.local #AGE_ACarrizo
mage31.local #age_ovitali
mseg11.local #seg_monitoreo
msc001.local #AlfredoCatoira
masp05.local #ASP_RCourti
masp02.local #ASP_GVazquez
modc02.local #ODC_Michellini
mcag100.local #inf_ccouseiro
csjn03.csjn.gov.ar
nec4.local #nec4_master
mdep01.local #tec_deposito
mdep03.local #tec_deposito
mdgh06.local #DGH_CCapdepont
#mdgh13.local #DGH_SBustamante
mage46.local #AGE_Donnewald
magec45.local #AGE_Brescia
mage016.local #AGE_Campanela
mbcs09.local #BIBLIO_MDCarril
movdd02.local #ovd_defensores 2
